A normal API Gateway integration to an HTTP endpoint strips away
all of the original request headers and only sends special ones
from the integration to your resource.
Sometimes this might be what you want,
but other times you want to preserve the initial request
to API Gateway and just pass it completely over to your
AWS resource on the other side.
This operation is called a proxy.
In our case,
we have several endpoints on our app that serve as API‑type endpoints,
like getting the leader boards or posting a change in user favorites.
We don't want to have to configure a new API Gateway
endpoint for every one of these,
so we'll create a catchall proxy resource with the
parent being the hbfl resource.
That way if we call hbfl/leaderboards, it will be handled by this proxy method.
If we look at our code in create‑api‑gateway.js on line 20,
we first create the proxy resource by using our createResource
function by passing in this very specific path part,
curly braces, proxy, then plus.
This tells API Gateway to capture all of the path,
no matter if it's nested or not, and execute this resource.
Then we use the same method and integration functions,
but add an additional proxy string as the last argument.
You'll also notice the HTTP method we're using is ANY,
which isn't actually an HTTP method,
but tells API Gateway to handle any possible HTTP method.
So because we're using existing functions that we've already implemented,
we don't need any new ones.
We do, however,
need to add some functionality to createResourceMethod and
createMethodIntegration to handle that additional function argument.
We'll start with createResourceMethod.
After the params const object declaration,
add an if and check for the existence of the path parameter,
and then create a code block.
If path exists,
we want to configure it as a request parameter on our params object,
so add params.requestParameters = and assign an object.
The object will have one property, but it will be dynamic.
So insert square brackets, then back ticks to create a string template.
Inside, enter method.request.path.$, open curly brace, path, close curly brace.
To the value of the property, add true.
Now what this is doing is telling our resource method that we're
going to have a parameter on the path of the URI,
the value of which is whatever is passed into the function in the path argument.
For instance, in our case it'll be proxy.
This is basically how you define parameters on your path for a resource method,
and this is similar to how you would add query parameters.
We also need to add some behavior to create method integration.
After the params const object declaration,
check if path is truthy, and then create a block.
The first thing we'll modify is adding the path parameter onto the URI,
so enter params.uri, then += to add to it,
then a string template.
This will be a weird one.
Enter /, open curly bracket, $, open curly bracket again,
path, close curly bracket, close curly bracket.
This will take our path function argument and add it, with the
curly brackets around it, to the end of our URI.
On the next line, enter params.requestParameters, assigning to it an object.
This is where we tie our integration request parameter,
which will be going to the load balancer endpoint
to the method request parameter.
Similar to the resource method change we made, we'll have a dynamic property.
Add square brackets and then a string template.
Enter integration.request.path.$, open curly bracket, path, close curly bracket.
Then give that property the value of a string template,
and inside it add method.request.path.$,
open curly bracket, path, close curly bracket.
And that will configure the path parameters for proxying.
Now we've got this entire file complete, and boy does it do a lot.
Go ahead and save it and switch over to your command line.
Run the command node create‑api‑gateway.js.
It won't take too long before it's complete and outputs a
single ID that is of no real significance.
Now once everything is created like this, we'll deploy this REST API in the next clip and then try it out.